docs: HIP-1010 Provide design doc for UpdateTokenCustomFees (#14205)
hashgraph/hedera-services: hedera-node/docs/design/services/smart-contract-service/udpate_hts_smart_contract.md

# Update Hedera Token Service Smart Contract

## Purpose

> In order to support updating the Token Custom Fees via smart contract calls, we need to expose a new function in the Hedera Token Service Smart Contract. This document will define the architecture and implementation of the `tokenFeeScheduleUpdate` function that will extend tha capabilities of the Hedera Token Service Smart Contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to support updating the Token Custom Fees via smart contract calls, we need to expose a new system contract function in the Hedera Smart Contract Service (HSCS) logic exposing Hedera Token Service (HTS) logic. This document will define the architecture and implementation of the `tokenFeeScheduleUpdate` system contract function that will extend that capabilities of HSCS.
```

## References

> [HIP-514](https://hips.hedera.com/hip/hip-514) - HIP that introduces token management via smart contracts.\

Reviewer 2: Reference [HIP-18](https://hips.hedera.com/hip/hip-18) "Custom Hedera Token Service Fees" as well, since that's where the HAPI transaction "TokenFeeScheduleUpdate" is defined?

[HIP-206](https://hips.hedera.com/hip/hip-206) - HIP that enables the precompiled system contracts for Hedera Token Service.

## Goals

- Expose `tokenFeeScheduleUpdate` as a new function in the Hedera Token Service Smart Contract.
- Implement the needed HTS system contract classes to support the new function.

## Non Goals

- The implementation of the HAPI operation, as it is already an existing feature.

## Architecture

The architecture for token fee schedule update follows the existing framework defined for handling all calls to the HederaTokenService system contract in the modularization services and is described in more detail in the Implementation section below.

## Implementation

### New Struct Definitions

| Struct Name          | Description                                                      |
|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `TokenFeeSchedule`   | A struct that contains the tokenId and fee schedule information. |

Reviewer 3: Will this call be available via the proxy contract?

We will add a new struct definition to the `IHederaTokenService` interface to support the new function.

> ```solidity

Reviewer 3: I wonder if it makes sense to add just the fee fields into the struct and the `tokenId` as a separate field into the `tokenFeeScheduleUpdate()` function?  This way the struct can be reused in the `IHederaTokenService.sol` file

Reviewer 2: Which by the way does correspond to the way the HAPI call works ... even though the protobufs are (otherwise, and necessarily) different.

>     struct TokenFeeSchedule {

Reviewer 2: Note for the future:  Unfortunate that we have no way here (nor in HAPI!) to return _multiple_ error responses along with their corresponding failure input.  

Many APIs exist with this flaw (I mean, in the world of software, not just Hedera).

        // Specifies ID of the token that would be updated
        address tokenId;

        // FixedFee to be updated
        FixedFee[] fixedFee;

        // FractionalFee to be updated
        FractionalFee[] fractionalFee;

        // RoyaltyFee to be updated
        RoyaltyFee[] royaltyFee;
    }
```

### New Function Implementations

| Function Selector Hash  | Function Signature                                     | Response                 |                                                                                                      | 
|-------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `0xe7498136`             | `tokenFeeScheduleUpdate(TokenFeeSchedule feeSchedule)` | `ResponseCode`           | The response code from the call                                                                      |

Reviewer: Suggesting a function change `updateTokenFeeSchedule()`, 
```suggestion
| `0x....`             | `updateTokenFeeSchedule(address token, TokenFeeSchedule feeSchedule)` | `ResponseCode`           | The response code from the call                                                                      |
```

> | `0xe7498136`             | `tokenFeeScheduleUpdate(TokenFeeSchedule feeSchedule)` | `ResponseCode`           | The response code from the call                                                                      |

Reviewer: Q: From a DevExp point of view populating `TokenFeeSchedule` may be bothersome when i only want to update on e type of schedule.
Should we have `updateTokenFixedFee()`, `updateTokenFractionalFee()` and `updateTokenRoyaltyFee()` variations?

### Smart Contract Service Module

- TokenFeeScheduleUpdateTranslator
- TokenFeeScheduleUpdateDecoder

> 

Reviewer 3: How does security work?  A section describing the security aspects would be good.  In addition a section in the negative tests below to show that the call fails unless authorized.

## Acceptance Tests

### BDD Tests

> #### Positive Tests

Reviewer 2: A positive test (or two) that in one method call you can update more than one of a particular kind of fee, and/or update more than one kind of fee?
